[MRG] FIX Add l1_ratio to set regularization with elasticnet penalty in Perceptron (#18622)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v0.24.rst

  `predict` and `score` would fail when `fit_intercept=False` and there was
  one feature during fitting. :pr:`18121` by `Thomas Fan`_.

> - |Fix| Fixes bug in :class:`linear_model.Perceptron` where `__init__` method
>   doesn't have `l1_ratio` parameter. :pr:`18622` by 

Reviewer: I would suggest:

```suggestion
- |Fix| Added the missing `l1_ratio` parameter in :class:`linear_model.Perceptron`, to be used when `penalty='elasticnet'`. This changes the default from 0 to 0.15. :pr:`18622` by 
```

(make sure to properly break lines)

Author: Thanks for helping me on this PR.
I updated the fix entry. :)

  `predict` and `score` would fail when `fit_intercept=False` and there was
  one feature during fitting. :pr:`18121` by `Thomas Fan`_.

- |Fix| Added the missing `l1_ratio` parameter in
  :class:`linear_model.Perceptron`, to be used when `penalty='elasticnet'`.
  This changes the default from 0 to 0.15. :pr:`18622` by

>   :user:`Haesun Park <rickiepark>`.

Reviewer 2: You need to add the suggestion by @NicolasHug 

```
We will also need the following entry at the top of the whatsnew, under the "changed models" section:

```
        |Fix| ::class:linear_model.Perceptron when penalty='elasticnet'
```

On the top of the file around l. 25 "Changed models"

Author: Thanks, I forgot it
